# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via bs4
bs4==0.0.2
    # via code (pyproject.toml)
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
dotenv==0.9.9
    # via code (pyproject.toml)
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via code (pyproject.toml)
fastapi-cli==0.0.8
    # via fastapi
fastapi-cloud-cli==0.1.5
    # via fastapi-cli
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via neo4j-graphrag
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via fastapi
json-repair==0.44.1
    # via neo4j-graphrag
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   code (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-neo4j
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via code (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.74
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-neo4j
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-neo4j==0.5.0
    # via code (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.14
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
neo4j==5.28.2
    # via
    #   code (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-neo4j
    #   neo4j-graphrag
neo4j-graphrag==1.9.1
    # via langchain-neo4j
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   neo4j-graphrag
    #   scipy
orjson==3.11.2
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   neo4j-graphrag
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via rdflib
pypdf==5.9.0
    # via neo4j-graphrag
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   dotenv
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via fastapi
pytz==2025.2
    # via neo4j
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   neo4j-graphrag
    #   uvicorn
rdflib==7.1.4
    # via code (pyproject.toml)
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   code (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.15.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
rignore==0.6.4
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
scipy==1.16.1
    # via neo4j-graphrag
sentry-sdk==2.35.0
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.47.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   neo4j-graphrag
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via code (pyproject.toml)
typer==0.16.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250809
    # via neo4j-graphrag
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
